Questions regarding Uploaded Image Classification:

1. Did the three model architectures classify the breed of dog in Dog_01.jpg to be the same breed? If not, report the differences in the classifications.

Answer: Yes, all the three model architectures classified the breed of Dog_01.jpg to be the same breed which is samoyed or samoyede as seen in the classifier label value in each model.


2. Did each of the three model architectures classify the breed of dog in Dog_01.jpg to be the same breed of dog as that model architecture classified Dog_02.jpg? If not, report the differences in the classifications.

Answer: No, none of the three model architectures classified the breed of dog in Dog_01.jpg to be the same as Dog_02.jpg. The alexnet model classified Dog_02.jpg as ptarmigan (a bird), resnet model classified Dog_02.jpg as arctic fox or white foxor alopex lagopus (white foxes), and the vgg model classified Dog_02.jpg as sulphur-crested cockatoo, kakatoe galerita or cacatua (all birds).


3. Did the three model architectures correctly classify Animal_Name_01.jpg and Object_Name_01.jpg to not be dogs? If not, report the misclassifications.

Answer: Yes, all the model architectures correctly classified Borneon_Orangutan_01.jpg and Pen_01.jpg as not dogs. This is observed from the values of the keys "PetLabelDog" and "ClassLabelDog" both being 0 for the two images.


4. Based upon your answers for questions 1. - 3. above, select the model architecture that you feel did the best at classifying the four uploaded images. Describe why you selected that model architecture as the best on uploaded image classification.

Answer: A first glance at the calculated statistics for the three models and answers 1 and 3 suggests that all the models performed similarly with none outperforming the other. However, taking a close look at the models' suggestions for Dog_02.jpg, the resnet model seems to have performed better than the other models as it suggests an animal that looks very much like the dog in Dog_02.jpg, while the other two models only suggested animals that are birds and do not look like the dog in the original picture.
